My name is Liu Jinjun, Graduated from BUPT, and work in Yuanfudao for 5 years, experience 3 projects.
The first project is Xiaoyuansouti. In this project, I did some daily development. And develop some modules, like camera, mall, audio player, VIP service and In App purchase.
In the end of 2017, we develop a new project called Xiaoyuankousuan. This is an App for primary student to do oral math questions, and take photo to check math questions and homeworks. In this project, I am responsible for the build of iOS. I abstract some base modules from Xiaoyuansouti and program some business modules. We use Objective-C at the beginning, in order to quickly release the App. But we consider that swift is the trend of future for iOS development and swift is more sample and programming paradigm is better, we decided to convert OC to swift. At the same time, we import RxSwift in our code for data binding and state management. Because of massive ViewController, we convert MVC to MVVM. We abstract business logic to ViewModel. ViewModel accept actions input and convert model data, output observable state. ViewController is responsible for binding state on view. In this way, view will change responsive. This make logic more clear and easy to maintain and easy to test.
In the end of 2019, we develop a new project named Nanguakexue. This is a Steam education App for children. In this app, children can do experiment to learn science knowledge, cultivate children's curiosity. Due to the lack of Android manpower, we decided to use flutter to achieve cross-platform builds for iOS and Android. I am responsible for construction of the flutter framework, encapsulate the basic component library, such as network, database, log, payment, video and audio player. In the beginning, the client team consisted of two people. Later, new colleagues joined, and now our team has five people. I am responsible for the management of client team. Technical selection, task assginment, project progress management, communication with other teams.
That's all. Thank you.